Add DNS provider for SelfHost.(de|eu) (#2278)
go-acme/lego: providers/dns/selfhostde/internal/readme.md

# SelfHost.(de|eu)

SelfHost doesn't provide an official API documentation and there are no endpoints for create a TXT record or delete a TXT record.

## More

> This link (https://kirk.selfhost.de/cgi-bin/selfhost?p=document&name=api) content a PDF that doesn't describe the endpoint used by the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation found at https://kirk.selfhost.de/cgi-bin/selfhost?p=document&name=api (PDF) describes the DynDNS/ddns API endpoint and is not used by our client.
```
